fix(docs): correct resource IDs for importing delegated permissions and claims mapping policy (#1648)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/resources/service_principal_claims_mapping_policy_assignment.md

## Import

> Claims Mapping Policy can be imported using the `id`, in the form `/servicePrincipals/service-principal-uuid/claimsMappingPolicies/claims-mapping-policy-uuid`, e.g:

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for consistency with other resources, and while here could you update `Claims Mapping Policy` to include `Assignments`?

```suggestion
Claims Mapping Policy Assignments can be imported using the `id`, in the form `/servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalId}/claimsMappingPolicies/{claimsMappingPolicyId}`, e.g:
```
